# 25275번: Bar Classification

## 문제 설명


<p>You are taking a course on machine learning at your university, and as homework you have been tasked with writing a program that can tell vertical bars from horizontal bars in images. To generate some training data, you use the following method. First, take an $N \times N$ grid, and fill it with zeros. Next, take a row or a column, and fill it with ones. Finally, take at most $N$ arbitrary cells, and flip them. Flipping a cell means changing a zero to a one, or changing a one to a zero.</p>

<p>Generating data this way is easy, but how to generate all the answers? It will take hours to go through the training data manually. If only you had a program that finds all the outputs automatically somehow.</p>

<p>You are given an $N \times N$ matrix that has been generated as in the description. Write a program that finds whether it was a column or a row that was filled with ones, or if it is impossible to determine.</p>



## 입력 형식


<p>The first line of input consists of an integer $N$ ($2 \leq N \leq 1000$), the size of the grid.</p>

<p>The following $N$ lines each contain a string of length $N$ consisting of zeros and ones. These are the rows of the grid.</p>

<p>It is guaranteed that the input was generated by taking a grid of zeros, putting ones on a row or a column, and then flipping at most $N$ cells.</p>



## 출력 형식


<p>If the bar was vertical (a column), print "<code>|</code>". If it was horizontal (a row), print "<code>-</code>". If it is impossible to determine (because it could be both), print "<code>+</code>".</p>



## 예제

### 예제 입력 1

```
5
01100
01000
01001
00000
01000

```

### 예제 출력 1

```
|

```
          

### 예제 입력 2

```
3
111
000
111

```

### 예제 출력 2

```
-

```
          

### 예제 입력 3

```
3
010
101
010

```

### 예제 출력 3

```
+

```
          




## 추가 테스트 케이스

추가로 테스트 하고 싶은 케이스를 적고 정리해 보세요.

### 추가 입력 1

```
<입력값>
```

### 추가 출력 1

```
<출력값>
```

### 추가 입력 2

```
<입력값>
```

### 추가 출력 2

```
<출력값>
```
  